Monarch Voice Acceptable Use Policy

The Monarch Voice Project is committed to promoting safe and fair use of its tools and features, including Monarch Voice. If you access or use Monarch Voice, Monarch Voice Materials or the Monarch Voice Demo, you agree to this Acceptable Use Policy ("Policy").

Prohibited Uses

We want everyone to use Monarch Voice safely and responsibly. You agree you will not use, or allow others to use, Monarch Voice to:

1. Violate the law or others' rights, including to:
    a. Engage in, promote, generate, contribute to, encourage, plan, incite, or further illegal or unlawful activity or content, such as:
        i. Violence or terrorism
        ii. Exploitation or harm to children, including the solicitation, creation, acquisition, production, possession, or distribution of child exploitative content or failure to report child exploitative content
        iii. Human trafficking, exploitation, and sexual violence
        iv. The illegal distribution of information or materials to minors, including obscene materials, or failure to employ legally required age-gating in connection with such information or materials
        v. Sexual solicitation
        vi. Any other criminal activity

    b. Create, generate, or facilitate the creation of malicious code, malware, computer viruses or do anything else that could disable, overburden, interfere with or impair the proper working, integrity, operation or appearance of a website or computer system

2. Engage in, promote, incite, or facilitate the harassment, abuse, threatening, or bullying of individuals or groups of individuals

3. Create, generate, or facilitate the creation of fraudulent content intended to scam or fraudulently deceive others, including fraudulent software license key generators and fraudulent academic papers;

4. Generate misinformation, disinformation, or otherwise engage in deceptive conduct, including:
    a. Content that misleads or deceives others about your identity, the identity of the speaker or the origin of the content (such as creating deepfakes without transparent disclosure of being synthetic or AI-generated)
    b. Content that misleads or deceives others about your location or content that mimics a reliable source in a way that is likely to cause harm

5. Engage in or facilitate privacy violations, including:
    a. Tracking people without their consent
    b. Facial recognition of private individuals without consent
    c. Creating applications that could be used for tracking an individual without their consent

6. Engage in, promote, encourage, or facilitate discrimination or other unlawful or harmful conduct in the provision of employment, housing, credit, education, healthcare, goods, or services.

Violations

Violations of this Acceptable Use Policy may result in the removal of your access to Monarch Voice. The Monarch Voice Project also reserves the right to remove content that violates this policy.

Updates

The Monarch Voice Project may update this policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise the date at the top of the policy.

Please report any violation of this Policy, software "bug," or other problems that could lead to a violation of this Policy through one of the following means:
- Reporting issues with the model: github.com/monarchvoice/monarch_voice
- Reporting security concerns: monarch-voice-security@example.com
- Reporting violations of the Acceptable Use Policy: monarch-voice-reports@example.com
